docs: custom cert policies (#592)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: knowledge-base/using-custom-certificates.md

---
title: Using Custom Certificates in Fiddler Everywhere
description: Learn how to use and create custom certificates with Fiddler Everywhere.
type: how-to
slug: using-custom-certs
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

|----------|-------|
| Product  | Fiddler Everywhere |
| Version  | 6.5.0 and above |

## Description

> I want to capture and decrypt traffic from a custom certificate page. How do you supply the custom certificate in Fiddler Everywhere?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to capture and decrypt traffic using a custom certificate authority. How do you supply the custom certificate in Fiddler Everywhere?
```
